From the moment we are born, we experience the world through our senses.
Touch, let's us feel safe and loved.
We use it to explore and learn.
The sounds we hear convey meaning.
With two ears, we can locate a sounds direction.
Different wave lengths of light are perceived as a range of vivid colors.
Images from each eye combine in 3D so that we can better judge depth and distance.
We can detect over 10,000 smells by using a small group of cells that detect microscopic materials in the air.
We taste, see, smell, touch, and hear in one enjoyable experience.
All the senses converging in one place are brain.
Some 200 billion nerve cells connected by trillions of tiny contacts.
The brain interprets chemical signals from each sense,
connects new information to what we already know and stores lasting memories.
Life is a precious gift from our loving creator.
King David was inspired to write.
I praise you because in an awe-inspiring way, I am wonderfully made.
Your works are wonderful.
I know this very well.